## Precomputations server

The server generates precomputed bytecode for given X, Y coordinates of a certain public key associated with a Webauthn device. It uses the sagemath script from FreshCryptoLib project, and it generates the precomputations synchronously.

The precomputed bytecode generated by this server contains the init code and the runtime code, where the runtime code contains the actual precomputed tables for the public key coordinates, while several parameters in the init code are adjusted to deploy properly the runtime code.

While validating the signature, the smart contract uses the deployed precomputed bytecode to validate the signature and optimise on gas.

Gas consumption benchmarks for validaitng the signature on-chain are provided (here)[https://github.com/rdubois-crypto/FreshCryptoLib/tree/master/solidity/src]. 

## Setup & Run

Create an .env file based on the .env.example, and set the env variables to your desire. 
Run `cargo build` to intall dependencies and build the project.
Run `cargo run` to start the server locally.

*Note*: This requires sage math to be installed in your local machine.

## Run using docker

To run the server in docker, you first need to build a docker image using the following command:

```
docker build -t precomputations_server .
```

Then, run the image by binding the crypto folder which contains the `precompute.sage` script.

```
docker run -e HOST=0.0.0.0 -e PORT=8081 -e BASE_FOLDER=/crypto/ -p 8081:8080 -v /Users/./webauthn-mfa-wallet/precomputations_server/crypto:/crypto precomputations_server
```
